update data residency (#8431)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/choose-your-data-center/index.mdx

---
title: Choose Your Data Center (US or EU)
sidebar_order: 30
description: "Choose your data residency center."
---

> Sentry supports data storage in both the US and the EU. Our primary hosting site will be in Germany and Sentry EU data at rest will remain in the EU.
> 
> You can choose where to store your data when you're setting up your Sentry account by selecting from the dropdown menu under "Data Storage" in the "Create a New Organization" section. Please note that once selected, your data storage location can't be changed. The only way to switch regions is by creating a new account.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Sentry supports data storage in both the US and the EU. 

You can choose where to store your data when you’re setting up your Sentry account by selecting from the dropdown menu under "Data Storage" in the "Create a New Organization" section. 

Your selection determines your data storage location only. Sentry will continue to access and process your data in accordance with your agreement with Sentry for the Sentry service and our [Privacy Policy](https://sentry.io/privacy/).

<Note>
Once selected, your data storage location can’t be changed. The only way to switch regions is by creating a new account. 
</Note>

The table below shows the location of the data center where your data will be stored at rest, based on your selection.

| **Data Center** | **Location** |
| United States of America (USA) | Iowa, USA |
| European Union (EU) | Frankfurt, Germany |

```

> ## What Type of Data Is Stored Where

Author: ```suggestion
## What Types of Data Are Stored Where
```

> Here's a list of the types of data that will be stored in the local region (EU or US) versus the data stored in the US.

Author: ```suggestion
Here’s a list of the types of data that will be stored in whichever local region (US or EU) that you select.
```

> ### Data Stored in local data center (EU or US)

Author: ```suggestion
### Data Stored In Selected Region (US or EU)
```

- Error events, activity, and issue links
- Transactions
- Profiles
- Cron check-ins
- Project metadata
- DSN keys
- Organization settings, configuration, and teams
- Release health
- Releases, Debug Symbols, and source maps
- Detailed Usage Data
- Session Replays
- Backups for these resources

> ### Data Stored in US
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### Data Stored in US

Here’s a list of the types of data that may be stored in the US.

```

- User accounts, notification settings, and 2FA authenticators. (User accounts are shared by many organizations.)
- Organization integration metadata.
  (Integrations can be shared across organizations and many of our integrations only support sending their webhooks to a singular destination.)
- Access tokens for users and organizations
- Sentry applications
- SSO, SAML, and SCIM endpoints
- Organization audit logs

Metadata that lets Sentry identify an organization or a user's region will be replicated out of the organization's region to facilitate login, and backwards-compatible APIs. You can always confirm the location of your organization by viewing your organization's settings page.

## Switching Data Centers for Existing Users

> ### Self-hosted
> 
> ### SaaS
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### SaaS

At this time, your data storage location can’t be changed if you have an existing SaaS account. The only way to switch regions is by creating a new account. 

### Self-hosted

If you have a self-hosted Sentry account, you can [follow these instructions](https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/migration/) to migrate your data.

```

**Supported for relocation:**

- User accounts and settings
- Organization settings and configuration
- Projects and project settings
- Teams and members
- Dashboards
- Alert rules, notifications and incidents
- Saved searches

**Unsupported for relocation:**

- Error events, activity, and issue links
- Transactions
- Profiles
- Session Replays
- Cron check-ins
- DSN keys
- Release health
- Releases, Debug Symbols, and source maps
- Sentry Applications
- Access Tokens for users and organizations
- User notification settings, and 2FA authenticators
- Project codeowners
- Integrations
- Organization Audit Logs

> 
> ## Known Limitations
> 
> **Project transfer:** You can only transfer a project to another organization if it's in the same region.

Author: ```suggestion

## For Users With Multiple Orgs

If you have multiple orgs, they will be treated like separate accounts regardless of where data is stored. This means that billing, quota, user management, and so on, should all be managed separately for each org.
```

---
title: Choose Your Data Center (US or EU)
sidebar_order: 30

> description: "Choose your data residency center."

Author: Agreed! I'll update to data center.

### Data Stored In Selected Region (US or EU)

- Error events, activity, and issue links
- Transactions
- Profiles
- Cron check-ins
- Project metadata
- DSN keys
- Organization settings, configuration, and teams
- Release health
- Releases, Debug Symbols, and source maps
- Detailed Usage Data
- Session Replays
- Backups for these resources

### Data Stored in US

Here’s a list of the types of data that may be stored in the US.

- User accounts, notification settings, and 2FA authenticators. (User accounts are shared by many organizations.)
- Organization integration metadata.
  (Integrations can be shared across organizations and many of our integrations only support sending their webhooks to a singular destination.)
- Access tokens for users and organizations
- Sentry applications
- SSO, SAML, and SCIM endpoints
- Organization audit logs

Metadata that lets Sentry identify an organization or a user's region will be replicated out of the organization's region to facilitate login, and backwards-compatible APIs. You can always confirm the location of your organization by viewing your organization's settings page.

## Switching Data Centers for Existing Users

### SaaS

> At this time, your data storage location can’t be changed if you have an existing SaaS account. The only way to switch regions is by creating a new account.

Author: Let's go ahead and switch it.

### Self-hosted

If you have a self-hosted Sentry account, you can [follow these instructions](https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/migration/) to migrate your data.

**Supported for relocation:**

- User accounts and settings
- Organization settings and configuration
- Projects and project settings
- Teams and members
- Dashboards
- Alert rules, notifications and incidents
- Saved searches

**Unsupported for relocation:**

- Error events, activity, and issue links
- Transactions
- Profiles
- Session Replays
- Cron check-ins
- DSN keys
- Release health
- Releases, Debug Symbols, and source maps
- Sentry Applications
- Access Tokens for users and organizations
- User notification settings, and 2FA authenticators
- Project codeowners
- Integrations
- Organization Audit Logs

> ## For Users With Multiple Orgs

Author: ```suggestion
## For Users With Multiple Organizations
```

---
title: Choose Your Data Center (US or EU)
sidebar_order: 30

> description: "Choose your data residency center."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Choose where to store your data in the US or the EU."
```

---

Sentry supports data storage in both the US and the EU.

> You can choose where to store your data when you’re setting up your Sentry account by selecting from the dropdown menu under "Data Storage" in the "Create a New Organization" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose where to store your data when you’re setting up your Sentry account by selecting from the dropdown menu under "Data Storage Location" in the "Create a New Organization" section.
```

I _think_ this is the last one

> 
> Sentry supports data storage in both the US and the EU.
> 
> You can choose where to store your data when you’re setting up your Sentry account by selecting from the dropdown menu under "Data Storage Location" in the "Create a New Organization" section.
> 
> <Note>
>   Once selected, your data storage location can’t be changed. The only way to
>   switch it is by creating a new organization.
> </Note>

Author: ```suggestion

<Note>
The ability to choose your data storage location is coming soon!
</Note>

Sentry supports data storage in both the US and the EU.

You can choose where to store your data when you’re setting up your Sentry account by selecting from the dropdown menu under "Data Storage Location" in the "Create a New Organization" section.

**Please note that once selected, your data storage location can’t be changed. The only way to switch it is by creating a new organization.**

```

> Your selection determines your data storage location only. Sentry will continue to access and process your data in accordance with your agreement with Sentry for the Sentry service and our [Privacy Policy](https://sentry.io/privacy/).
> 
> <Note>
>   Once selected, your data storage location can’t be changed. The only way to
>   switch regions is by creating a new account.
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
  Once selected, your data storage location can’t be changed. The only way to
  switch it is by creating a new organization.
</Note>

Your selection determines your data storage location only. Sentry will continue to access and process your data in accordance with your agreement with Sentry for the Sentry service and our [Privacy Policy](https://sentry.io/privacy/).
```

Three changes in one here:
- Switching the order so that the Note is more prominent on the page
- "region" -> "it" in the Note
- "account" -> "organization" in the Note, to match the phrasing used down on line 62

The table below shows the location where your data will be stored at rest, based on your selection.

| **Data Storage Location**      | **Physical Location** |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------- |

> | United States of America (USA) | Iowa, USA             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| United States of America (US) | Iowa, USA             |
```

Since we're using 2-letter abbreviations everywhere

> The table below shows the location of the data center where your data will be stored at rest, based on your selection.
> 
> | **Data Center**                | **Location**       |
> | ------------------------------ | ------------------ |
> | United States of America (USA) | Iowa, USA          |
> | European Union (EU)            | Frankfurt, Germany |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below shows the location where your data will be stored at rest, based on your selection.

| **Data Storage Location**      | **Physical Location** |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------- |
| United States of America (USA) | Iowa, USA             |
| European Union (EU)            | Frankfurt, Germany    |
```

Repeating "Location" twice in the headers feels a bit weird to me still but I couldn't come up with any better naming

Author: I think it's ok :)

## What Types of Data Are Stored Where

> Here’s a list of the types of data that will be stored in whichever local region (US or EU) you select.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s a list of the types of data that will be stored in whichever data storage location (US or EU) you select.
```

> ### Data Stored In Selected Region (US or EU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data Stored In Selected Location (US or EU)
```

- Error events, activity, and issue links
- Transactions
- Profiles
- Cron check-ins
- Project metadata
- DSN keys
- Organization settings, configuration, and teams
- Release health
- Releases, Debug Symbols, and source maps
- Detailed Usage Data
- Session Replays
- Backups for these resources

### Data Stored in US

Here’s a list of the types of data that may be stored in the US.

- User accounts, notification settings, and 2FA authenticators. (User accounts are shared by many organizations.)
- Organization integration metadata.
  (Integrations can be shared across organizations and many of our integrations only support sending their webhooks to a singular destination.)
- Access tokens for users and organizations
- Sentry applications

> - SSO, SAML, and SCIM endpoints

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- SSO, SAML, and SCIM metadata
```

- Organization audit logs

> Metadata that lets Sentry identify an organization or a user's region will be replicated out of the organization's region to facilitate login, and backwards-compatible APIs. You can always confirm the location of your organization by viewing your organization's settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata that lets Sentry identify an organization will be replicated out of the organization's data storage location to facilitate login, and backwards-compatible APIs. You can always confirm the location of your organization by viewing your organization's settings page.
```

## Switching Data Storage Locations for Existing Organizations

### SaaS

> At this time, your data storage location can’t be changed if you have an existing SaaS organization. The only way to switch regions is by creating a new organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, your data storage location can’t be changed if you have an existing SaaS organization. The only way to switch it is by creating a new organization.
```

### Self-hosted

If you have a self-hosted Sentry account, you can [follow these instructions](https://docs.sentry.io/product/accounts/migration/) to migrate your data.

**Supported for relocation:**

- User accounts and settings
- Organization settings and configuration
- Projects and project settings
- Teams and members
- Dashboards
- Alert rules, notifications and incidents
- Saved searches

**Unsupported for relocation:**

- Error events, activity, and issue links
- Transactions
- Profiles
- Session Replays
- Cron check-ins
- DSN keys
- Release health
- Releases, Debug Symbols, and source maps
- Sentry Applications
- Access Tokens for users and organizations
- User notification settings, and 2FA authenticators
- Project codeowners
- Integrations
- Organization Audit Logs

> ## For Users With Multiple Orgs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## For Users With Multiple Organizations
```
